docs/repo-extractor/user/configuration_opts.md, before:

### Configuration Options

Following are descriptions of the currently available configuration options. Please have the [example configuration](./example_io/example_input.json) open as you read the below information. Because the configuration JSON object is treated as a Python dictionary, the entries in the configuration may be in any order. They are given below in the order of the example input.

`🚩 Attention:` To GitHub, all PRs are issues, but not all issues are PRs. When gathering PRs, they are first mined as issues (meaning from the issues endpoints) then checked to see if they are also PRs. This information is relevant to understanding certain options below, such as `state`, and how the possible fields options, such as `issues` and `comments`, work.

| Name               | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Type             | Possible Values                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Notes:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------ | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| repo               | true     | The repo option is required and must be given in the form of 'repo_owner/repo_name', as you might see at the end of the GitHub url for a repo or as the title of the repo on a repo's web page.                                                                              | string           | Any GitHub repo that the Personal Access Token has access to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| auth_path          | true     | The auth_file key requires a path to a file containing a GitHub Personal Access Token. The PAT should be on the first line and must have no extra newlines or trailing spaces.                                                                                               | string           | Any path in your file system.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | A GitHub token will only work for this purpose if it has the required permissions. At the time of writing, GitHub's classic token type should have access to `repo:status` and `public_repo`                                                                                                                                                   |
| state              | true     | The state option is used to determine what PR state the extractor will mine for. The project is interested in closed _and_ merged PRs to train the machine learning tools in the project pipeline and open PRs for the actual usage of the project for its intended purpose. | string           | The options are `open` or `closed`. The `closed` option will mine for PRs which are both closed and merged.                                                                                                                                                                       | The extractor will not look at PRs that are closed and not merged because the project has no use for them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| range              | true     | The range value discusses the actual item numbers in a repository's history that you want to gather data from and is inclusive of both start and end values.                                                                                                                 | list of integers | Both the start value must be greater than or equal to 1 and the both values are inclusive. For example, if you want data from PR #1 up to (and including) PR #10 in a given repository, give `[1, 10]` to the range key. If you want to stop before #10, you would give `[1, 9]`. |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| clf_method         | true     | The method of classification you want to use for classifying issues by domain and subdomain; options included random forest or GPT.                                                                                                                                           | string           | 'rf' or 'gpt'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| clf_model_out_path | true     | The path in your file system that you'd like to save the resulting classification model to.                                                                                                                                                                                  | string           | Any path in your file system.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| comments           | false    | The comments option asks for a list of data points that you would like to mine about issue comments.                                                                                                                                                                         | list of strings  | The current list of possible values are 'body', 'userid', and 'userlogin'.                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Like the 'issues' and 'commits' options, this value may be given as an empty list if the user does not wish to gather any of these items. See `repo_extractor/schema.py > cmd_tbl` for the list source code.                                                                                                                                   |
| commits            | false    | The commits option asks for a list of data points that you would like to mine about issue commits.                                                                                                                                                                           | list of strings  | The current list of possible values are 'author_name', 'committer', 'date', 'files', 'message', 'sha'.                                                                                                                                                                            | These values are only gathered for issues that are also PRs, given that commits are an irrelevant concept to issues that are not.Like the 'issues' and 'comments' options, this value may be given as an empty list if the user does not wish to gather any of these items.See `repo_extractor/schema.py > cmd_tbl` for the list source code.  |
| issues             | false    | The issues option asks for a list of data points that you would like to mine about issue issues.                                                                                                                                                                             | list of strings  | The current list of possible values are 'body', 'closed_at', 'created_at', 'num_comments', 'title', 'userid', 'userlogin'.                                                                                                                                                        | These values are only gathered for issues that are also PRs, given that commits are an irrelevant concept to issues that are not.Like the 'comments' and 'commits' options, this value may be given as an empty list if the user does not wish to gather any of these items.See `repo_extractor/schema.py > cmd_tbl` for the list source code. |

#### Other Notes

**You do not need to ask for:**

- issue numbers
- whether an issue is also a PR
- the state of the given PR
- a PR's merged status
- the number of review comments a PR has

These points are required because the project needs them. They will be gathered for every issue you mine without asking.

Commit message:

Update docs to talk about SkillScope. Update configuration to include filled-out example
The filled out example allows for a plug-n-play as defined in the main README and `example_external.py`

docs/repo-extractor/user/configuration_opts.md, after:

### Configuration Options

Following are descriptions of the currently available configuration options. Please have the [example configuration](./example_input.json) or the [filled out example configuration](/input/config_example.json) open as you read the below information. Because the configuration JSON object is treated as a Python dictionary, the entries in the configuration may be in any order. They are given below in the order of the example input.

`🚩 Attention:` To GitHub, all PRs are issues, but not all issues are PRs. When gathering PRs, they are first mined as issues (meaning from the issues endpoints) then checked to see if they are also PRs. This information is relevant to understanding certain options below, such as `state`, and how the possible fields options, such as `issues` and `comments`, work.

| Name               | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Type             | Possible Values                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Notes:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------ | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| repo               | true     | The repo option is required and must be given in the form of 'repo_owner/repo_name', as you might see at the end of the GitHub url for a repo or as the title of the repo on a repo's web page.                                                                              | string           | Any GitHub repo that the Personal Access Token has access to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| auth_path          | true     | The auth_file key requires a path to a file containing a GitHub Personal Access Token. The PAT should be on the first line and must have no extra newlines or trailing spaces.                                                                                               | string           | Any path in your file system.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | A GitHub token will only work for this purpose if it has the required permissions. At the time of writing, GitHub's classic token type should have access to `repo:status` and `public_repo`                                                                                                                                                   |
| state              | true     | The state option is used to determine what PR state the extractor will mine for. The project is interested in closed _and_ merged PRs to train the machine learning tools in the project pipeline and open PRs for the actual usage of the project for its intended purpose. | string           | The options are `open` or `closed`. The `closed` option will mine for PRs which are both closed and merged.                                                                                                                                                                       | The extractor will not look at PRs that are closed and not merged because the project has no use for them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| range              | true     | The range value discusses the actual item numbers in a repository's history that you want to gather data from and is inclusive of both start and end values.                                                                                                                 | list of integers | Both the start value must be greater than or equal to 1 and the both values are inclusive. For example, if you want data from PR #1 up to (and including) PR #10 in a given repository, give `[1, 10]` to the range key. If you want to stop before #10, you would give `[1, 9]`. |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| clf_method         | true     | The method of classification you want to use for classifying issues by domain and subdomain; options included random forest or GPT.                                                                                                                                           | string           | 'rf' or 'gpt'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| clf_model_out_path | true     | The path in your file system that you'd like to save the resulting classification model to.                                                                                                                                                                                  | string           | Any path in your file system.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| comments           | false    | The comments option asks for a list of data points that you would like to mine about issue comments.                                                                                                                                                                         | list of strings  | The current list of possible values are 'body', 'userid', and 'userlogin'.                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Like the 'issues' and 'commits' options, this value may be given as an empty list if the user does not wish to gather any of these items. See `repo_extractor/schema.py > cmd_tbl` for the list source code.                                                                                                                                   |
| commits            | false    | The commits option asks for a list of data points that you would like to mine about issue commits.                                                                                                                                                                           | list of strings  | The current list of possible values are 'author_name', 'committer', 'date', 'files', 'message', 'sha'.                                                                                                                                                                            | These values are only gathered for issues that are also PRs, given that commits are an irrelevant concept to issues that are not.Like the 'issues' and 'comments' options, this value may be given as an empty list if the user does not wish to gather any of these items.See `repo_extractor/schema.py > cmd_tbl` for the list source code.  |
| issues             | false    | The issues option asks for a list of data points that you would like to mine about issue issues.                                                                                                                                                                             | list of strings  | The current list of possible values are 'body', 'closed_at', 'created_at', 'num_comments', 'title', 'userid', 'userlogin'.                                                                                                                                                        | These values are only gathered for issues that are also PRs, given that commits are an irrelevant concept to issues that are not.Like the 'comments' and 'commits' options, this value may be given as an empty list if the user does not wish to gather any of these items.See `repo_extractor/schema.py > cmd_tbl` for the list source code. |

#### Other Notes

**Items extracted automatically without needing to be defined in the configuration file:**

- issue numbers
- whether an issue is also a PR
- the state of the given PR
- a PR's merged status
- the number of review comments a PR has

These points are required because the project needs them. They will be gathered for every issue you mine without asking.
